# I'm not building a professional website, I'm building a PHP

As the snarky quip in the first paragraph of this site suggests, one of my biggest career's challenges has been to create my very own personal website. It's been a challenge ever since I first started coding and it remained a challenge for the better part of my professional career. I actually went for my whole first 5 years without having anything, not even an HTML document with my name on it online. It's kind of baffling looking back at it to be honest but having started my career so young and being deeply intrenched in the startup world for the better part of my youth it was actually quite hard to justify taking the time to work on something worthy of the image I tried to project onto others when presenting myself as a professional, after all it had to be something unique, bombastic, technically impressive and representing the peak of my design genius because otherwise there was no way anyone would even consider hiring me to work on something amazing.

Or so I thought.

I'm at a point now where many of those fears still linger within me. I've spent so many hours in the past years arguing with friends, family and strangers about how such hefty expectations only end up harming the image you end up projecting onto prospective clients and acquittances and how often, in the words of my older brother:

_Sometimes things are better done than perfect_

Yet these words have always had a hard time sticking to me in actuality. I'd see people I preached these ideals to succeed by applying them and I'd be happy for them but I'd still be stuck in my own head, unable to apply the same principles to my own work. I'd always end up going back to the same old habits, the same old patterns, the same old fears and the same old excuses, fearing that if I gave myself a little bit of slack I'd end up disappointing myself and others, making a fool out of me and not being up to the expectations that a person with my level of experience should be able to meet.

I don't know whether it's because I've started going to therapy to finally tackle some of the baggage I've been carrying for the better part of my life or because I've finally started to realize that I'm not as young as I used to be and that I'm not going to be able to get away with the same things I used to get away with when I was just a young kid, looking forward to impress his seniors by showing off the coolest and latest tech he could find, at the cost of my sleep, my health, the time I spend with my loved ones and with my passions and my sanity. That not something that translates well into my work in the long term and it isn't something I should be using all nilly willy all the time.

This site is somewhat of a test for me. I'm trying to see if I can finally break the cycle of perfectionism that has been holding me back for so long. I'm using it as a rough playground for all sorts of ideas that I always wanted to develop but never had the time to do at the level I desired. It's going to be rough around the edges but I'm going to smooth them out little by little, week by week, and I'm going to try and leave an honest trail of my progress so that I can look back at it and see how many ides have been made, scratched off, thrown away and how many have been kept and polished.

This is my very own **P**ersonal **H**omepage **P**roject. I'm not building a fancy professional website, I'm building a **PHP**.
